# Spring 2022 Foundations of Web Design and Development — Assignment 2 (Basic CSS)

* **Do not edit this file.**
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## Introduction
This assignment extends on your first assignment by applying basic principles of design using CSS.

---

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`. **Ensure you’re forking the repository from me and not another student in the course.**
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

---

## Preflight
1. You’ll need to install _editorconfig_ and _Stylelint_ for this project, and Node is required to do so. Download and [install Node](https://nodejs.org/en/).
2. With Node installed, launch your command line interface, or CLI, and install _Stylelint_: ` npm install stylelint`
3. Again, from your command line, install _editorconfig_: `npm install editorconfig`
4. Recall that you must have a validator for HTML in place. If Atom’s W3C validator is giving you problems, consider using VS Code with the [HTMLHint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mkaufman.HTMLHint) extension.
5. And, finally, make sure you address the feedback from the first assignment. For example, if files were in the wrong place or weren’t correctly named; if images weren’t the right size; if code was sloppy and/or invalid; and, if the axe browser plugin threw errors.

---

## The Rules

/* You may **not** use any third-party libraries for this project. **All the code you include _must_ be your own.**
* Create a style sheet called `style.css` and place it in the included `css` folder. If you use CSS variables, place them in `variables.css`, which also goes in the `css` folder. **No embedded or inline CSS is allowed.**
/* Style the site-wide navigation of your assignment as a row of links, not a column.
/* Employ two colors — neither of which can be a neutral — for backgrounds, text, or accents, such as borders, bullets, etc. See [Adobe Color](https://color.adobe.com/create/color-wheel) for ideas, and take special note of its [Accessibility Tools](https://color.adobe.com/create/color-contrast-analyzer).
/* Reassign the default image you used in assignment 1 from `index.html` to `about.html`.
* Add a Creative Commons-licensed image as a hero to the `index.html` page.
/* Any images you use must be placed in the enclosed `img` folder and **cannot be larger than 1MB**.
/* Employ two different typefaces from Google Fonts into your assignment: one for headings and one for reading text.
* Your HTML must be valid. You can always validate your work at [http://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input](http://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input).
* Your CSS must also be valid, per _Stylelint_ rules, included in the scaffold of this project.
/* Folders and files must use lowercase, combined with kebab case. For example, `do-this` or `do-this.html`. Further, no spaces in folder or file names (`not this`); no camel case (`notThis`); and, no snake case (`not_this`).

---

## Due Date
⏰ **Thursday, 29 March 2021, at 10:00 AM. 🚫 _No late work will be accepted._**

---

## Submission
Issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your forked was created, before the deadline. [Look at these videos](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/) for help on how to do so.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. 🚫 **_No other form of submission will be accepted_**.

---

## Grading
| Item                                             | Points |
|--------------------------------------------------|:------:|
| *Code is original and hand-written*              | `5`    |
| *CSS in the `css` folder*                        | `5`    |
| *Navigation is rendered as a row of links*       | `5`    |
| *Uses two colors*                                | `5`    |
| *Creative Commons image is rendered as a hero*   | `5`    |
| *Images 1MB or less in the `img` folder*         | `5`    |
| *Two Google typefaces used*                      | `10`   |
| *HTML is valid*                                  | `15`   |
| *CSS is valid*                                   | `15`   |
| *Code is perfectly neat*                         | `20`   |
| *Files and folders use kebab case and lowercase* | `10`   |
